Licensee's use of this software is conditioned upon acceptance of the
following terms:

MARCONI-D END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT


THIS "SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT" ("AGREEMENT") IS BINDING ON THE USER
UPON USE OF THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED WITH THIS AGREEMENT (THE
"SOFTWARE"), OR USE OF ANY AUTHORIZATION CODE PROVIDED BY MARCONI. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE
BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY AUTHORIZATION
CODE. USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT AT ALL TIMES TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS HERE, INCLUDING ALL PROVISIONS REGARDING THE LIMITATIONS OF
THE LICENSOR LIABILITY.

1. License Grant.
Marconi (the "Licensor") grants you (the "Licensee") a free,
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software and any
documentation files pertaining to the Software ("Documentation"). The
Software covered under this Agreement is comprised of the contents of
the Marconi-D software package, including any source code and any
executable programs such as marconid and its platform-specific
variants, and any associated configuration and data files used by the
programs. The Software and Documentation shall be used only for
Licensee's own personal, non-commercial use and not for the benefit of
any other person or entity. Licensee is not allowed to resell the
Software or Documentation. Licensee is allowed to embed/integrate the
licensed Software in binary format only as part of a product based on
the Software. All copyright notices in the Software and Documentation
must be retained at all times.

2. Confidentiality.
You agree to maintain the confidentiality of Software and
Documentation, and will not disclose Software or Documentation, or any
information or materials related thereto, to any third party without
the express written consent of Marconi. You further agree to take all
reasonable measures to limit access to Software and Documentation only
to those of your employees who reasonably require such access to
perform their employment obligations and who are bound by
confidentiality agreements with you (in order to maintain the
confidentiality of Software and Documentation).

3. IP Ownership.
Licensee agrees that Marconi is the sole and exclusive owner of the
Software and of all associated intellectual property (IP) and Licensee
shall do nothing inconsistent with such ownership. Licensee further
agrees to not claim ownership rights in the Software, or any
derivative, compilation, translation or modification by any party. All
the rights not expressly granted to Licensee herein are reserved to
Marconi. You are not allowed to remove any Licensor copyright
notices/credits and any proprietary legends/disclaimers from any copy
of Software, Documentation or any component thereof.

4. Restrictions.
Licensee is not allowed to or assist any third party to: (a) create
derivative works based on the Software or any part thereof, (b)
reverse engineer, decompile, translate, adapt, or disassemble the
Software or any part thereof; (c) attempt to create or otherwise
reproduce in any form the source code from the object code of any
portion or component of the Software; (d) sublicense the Software; (e)
attempt to disable or circumvent any protection measure of the
Software or assist third parties to do so; or (f) otherwise copy or
transfer the Software or any portion thereof.

5. Trademarks
This Agreement does not grant Licensee permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of Marconi or any
of its Agents or Affiliates, except as required for reasonable and
customary use in describing the origin of the Software.

6. No Warranty.
The Software is provided on an "AS IS" BASIS. To the extent permitted
by applicable laws, Marconi provides the Software WITHOUT WARRANTIES
OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied including any
warranties of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Marconi does not warrant that the functions
contained in the Software will meet any requirements or needs of the
Licensor, or that the Software will operate error free, or in an
uninterrupted fashion, or that any defects or errors in the Software
will be corrected, or that the Software is compatible with any
particular platform.

7. Limitation of Liability.
To the extent not prohibited by applicable laws, in no event shall the
Marconi be liable to you or any third party for any incidental or
consequential damages (including, without limitation, indirect,
special, punitive or exemplary damages for loss of business, loss of
profits, business interruption or loss of business information, loss
of network connectivity, operation, or configuration, or loss of any
configuration data or network operation data) arising out of or
related to the use of or the inability to use the Software, or for any
claim by any other party, even if advised of the possibility of such
damages. The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or
intended for any kind of use requiring fail-safe performance, or in
systems in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to
death, personal injury or severe physical or environmental
damage. Accordingly, Marconi specifically disclaims any express or
implied warranty of fitness for such activities or use.

8. Indemnity.
Licensee shall indemnify irrevocably and unconditionally and without
any exception whatsoever, Marconi and any affiliated agents, and hold
them harmless against any and all losses, claims, challenges, demands
either pending or threatened, damages or liabilities, direct or
indirect, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to which they may
become subject and arising in any manner out of or in connection with:
a) any use of the Software or Documentation; b) any violation by
Licensee of this Agreement, or c) any violation by Licensee of any
rights of a third parties. You shall promptly notify Marconi if you
become aware of any matter which may give rise to a liability under
this indemnity.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.
Licensee may redistribute the Software or derivative works thereof,
and may choose to offer support, warranty, indemnity, or other
liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
Agreement. However, in accepting such obligations, you may act only on
your own behalf and on your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any
other contributor. Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold each
Licensor and contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or
claims asserted against, such contributor by reason of your accepting
any such warranty or additional liability.

10. Export Restrictions.
You may not export the Software and Documentation or any part thereof
in violation of applicable laws and regulations.

11. Termination.
Marconi may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event of
Licensee violating any of its terms. Upon termination, Licensee must
immediately destroy or return to Licensor the Software and
Documentation. The provisions of IP Ownership, Restrictions,
Confidentiality, No Warranty, Limitation of Liability, and
Indemnification shall in any case survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

12. Injunctive Relief.
Except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to you by this
Agreement, no other licenses or other rights are granted. You hereby
agree and covenant that you shall not perform any act that exceeds the
scope of the license granted to you by this Agreement in violation of
Marconi's IP rights, and any such violation shall entitle the Licensor
to obtain injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that
Marconi may obtain.

13. Governing Law.
The Agreement and any dispute relating thereto will be governed by the
laws of the State of California without regard to conflict/choice of
law principles.

14. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the
parties; any waiver or modification of this Agreement shall be
effective only if it is in writing and signed by both parties.

15. Notices
Should you have any questions concerning this License Agreement, or if
you desire to contact Marconi for any reason, please write to:

legal@marconi.org
